1. To make easy access for people to information about my city. Search for places to go, read reviews and make ones, mark places where they want to go, make schedules, have a map of places where they already visit and encourage them to make more exploring of the city. 
2. All the people from high school students to mid aged working class. 15-30 y.o. who has basic understanding of what apps are and how to use them.
3. Place name, address, few pictures, small review feed and rating score. It can has shops, restaurants, general areas such as parks and squares, schools, all stuff. but for early stages shops as start.
4. Users will go to popular places tab on app and choose what they want to visit, rate and vote places they been in, post pictures and vote others pictures about places.
5. It will, but in a case of interactive part. The app will encourage to register and be active with voting and posting but still be available as a inform app without registration.
6. For start it'll be a defined storage and amount of information handily added. Then in future with experienced users that have lots of votes for they content they can accesses a mod part and vote for new content provided by users and earn more respect for recommending stuff and approve it. 
7. Feedback will have a voting system where all liked content rises up, all downvoted content sinks and hides down. Also new content will be showed for registered users and be safely showed to users who registered account with age above 18 in profile. Reports will negatively influence a post, but simple moderation will filter false reports.
8. I want google maps integration, but only for geolocation confirmation. All social media will be like posts generating stuff. Not to connected. Maybe in long term there will be account links and simplyfied registration.
9. Ukrainian colors simple and calm design without overly complicated menus and irrelevant information.
10. At first it will be complitly free to use and ads free. Premium features is considered but not sure if there is any use for them. Maybe for and small fee users can mark their profiles as busines owners or confirmed users. But not beyond that. I want to make a ad-free inviroment to attract people and ad can be native throught posts and places promoted by their owners or loyal customers.